Added docs on async `not-found.js` server components (#51999)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/02-file-conventions/not-found.mdx

`not-found.js` components do not accept any props.

> That being said, you can still turn the `not-found.js` component into an async server component to fetch dynamic data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data Fetching

By default, `not-found` is a Server Component. You can mark it as `async` to fetch and display data:
```

```tsx filename="app/blog/not-found.tsx" switcher
import Link from 'next/link'
import { headers } from "next/headers";

export default async function NotFound() {
  const headersList = headers();
  const domain = headersList.get("host")
  const data = await getSiteData(domain)
  return (
    <div>
      <h2>Not Found: {data.name}</h2>
      <p>Could not find requested resource</p>
      <p>

>         View <Link href="/blog">all posts</Link>

Reviewer: Maybe "Return Home" for the link, we don't know they'll have a blog.

Author: Done!
